Dready got a job to do
And he's got to fulfill that mission
To see his hurt is their greatest ambition, yeah!
But we will survive in this world of competition
'Cause no matter what they do
Natty keep on comin' through
And no matter what they say
Natty do them every day, yeah!
Natty dread rides again
Through the mystics of tomorrow
Natty dread rides again
Have no fear, have no sorrow, yeah!

All and all you see a-gwan
Is to fight against Rastaman
So they build their world in great confusion
To force on us the devil's illusion
But the stone that the builder refuse
Shall be the head cornerstone
And no matter what game they play
We got something they could never take away
We got something they could never take away

And it's the fire (fire), it's the fire (fire)
That's burning down everything
Feel that fire (fire), the fire (fire)
Only the birds have their wings, yeah!
No time to be deceived
Oh, brothers, you should know and not believe
Jah say this judgement, it could never be with water
No water could put out this fire (fire)
This fire (fire), this fire (fire)
This fire (fire), a yaga y'all! ride, natty, ride!
Go there, dready, go there,
'Cause now the fire is out of control
Panic in the city, wicked weeping for their gold!
Everywhere this fire is burning,
Destroying and melting their gold,
Destroying and wasting their souls

Go ride, natty, ride!
Go there, dready, go there!

Tell you what now the people gather on the beach
And the leader try to make a speech
But the dreadies understandin' that it's too late
Fire is burning
Man, pull your own weight!
Fire is burning
Man, pull your own weight!
Natty dread rides again (natty dread rides again)
And me say, go there, dready! Go there! (go there, go there)
Oh ride, natty, ride! (dread rides again)
And go there, dready! (go there, go there)
Ridin' through the storm,
Riding through the calm (go there, go there)
Oh ride, natty, ride!
Go there, dready, go there!
Ride, natty, ride!
Go there, dready, do there!