One good thing about music, when it hits ya 
(You feel no pain)
Wo-wo-wo, I say
One good thing about music, when it hits ya
(you feel no pain)
Hit me with music, yeah, hit me with music now!

This is (Trench Town Rock) don't watch that
(Trench Town Rock) big fish or sprat now
(Trench Town Rock) you reap what you sow
(Trench Town Rock) and only Jah-Jah know
(Trench Town Rock) I never turn my back
(Trench Town Rock) I give the slum a try
(Trench Town Rock) I never let the children cry
(Trench Town Rock) 'cause you got to tell Jah-Jah why
(Groovin') It's Kingston twelve
(Groovin') It's Kingston twelve
(Groovin') It's Kingston twelve, now
(Groovin') It's Kingston twelve
(No want you fe galang so) oh no!
(No want you fe galang so) scaba-dip, scaba
(You want come cold I up) scaba-diba-dip, scaba-dip, scaba-dip
(But you can't come cold I up)
Wo-wo-wo, I'm a groover
And the world know by now, now, now, now, now, now, now, now, y'all
Oh now, I say, you feel no pain now
One good thing about music
When it hits ya (you feel no pain) feel no pain
Hit me with music, now, wo now
Hit me with music now
Hit me with music, 'arder, brutalize me!
(Hit me with music!)

This is (Trench Town Rock) I say don't watch that
(Trench Town Rock) if you are big fish or sprat
(Trench Town Rock) you reap what you sow 
(Trench Town Rock) I, everyone know now
(Trench Town Rock) don't turn your back!
(Trench Town Rock) I say, give a slum a try
(Trench Town Rock) never let the children cry
(Trench Town Rock) or you got to tell Jah-Jah why
It's Kingston twelve
(Groovin') it's Kingston twelve
(Groovin') I said, it's Kingston twelve now
(Groovin') wo-wo-wo-wo, it's Kingston twelve
(No want you fe galang so) since I told you that
(No want you fe galang so) we should live with love
(You want come cold I up) and I don't do that 
(But you can't come cold I up) I look da now
And then it's Kingston twelve, uh!
Good God, look a-here now (you feel no pain) uh!
Hit me with music, yeah, come on (hit me with music)
(Hit me with music), oh my brother (hit me with music) brutalize me!
(Hit me with music) oh hurt me (hit me with music)
We can trash this ourselves!
(Hit me with music)
(Trench Town Rock) don't call no cop
(Rock) we can trash things ourselves
(Trench Town Rock) got no stacks on no shelves
But let me tell ya, behave yourselves!
(Trench Town Rock)